# EasyRent FrontEnd Documentation

## 1. GitHub Repository
- Repository Link: [EasyRent](https://github.com/mshestalyuk/easyrent)

## 2. Starting up the Application
**Prerequisites:**
- Angular 16
- NodeJS
- npm

**Note:** Instructions are for Linux; Windows setup may vary.

**Steps:**
1. **Clone the repository:**  
```git clone https://github.com/mshestalyuk/easyrent.git```
2. **Navigate to the directory:**  
```cd easyrent/```
3. **Start the application:**  
```ng serve –open```  
This will open the app in the browser at http://localhost:4200/.  
However, JSON server needs to be enabled for full functionality.
5. **Install JSON Server:**  
```npm install -g json-server```
6. **Enable JSON Server:**  
```json-server --watch db.json```
This will open the application at http://localhost:3000/, enabling registration and login functionality.

## 3. Main Directories and Their Functions
- **db.json:** Local database.
- **src/index.html:** Main HTML document with head and redirects to the app.
- **src/app/app.module.ts:** Contains all modules used in HTML/CSS.
- **src/app/app.routing.module.ts:** Configuration of routing.
- **src/app/components:** Contains views; modify HTML/CSS here.
- **src/app/guards:** Auto-generated directory by Angular.
- **src/app/interface:** Declares user interfaces.
- **src/app/services:** Contains all services, including authentication service based on JSON DB.
- **src/app/shared/password-match.directive.ts:** Ensures matching passwords in the registration form.

**Note:** Other files/directories are automatically generated by Angular.

## 4. Authors
- **Maksymilian Shestalyuk**
- **Darek Surdel**
- **Truong Tra My**



